docs/en/api.md, before:

# API Doc
#### JS-PackTools. Is a little toolBox for developer specifically with webScraping and format date and text
<p>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/js-packtools">
        <img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/js-packtools.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/jasp402/js-packtools">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://travis-ci.org/jasp402/js-packtools.svg?branch=master">
    </a>
    <a href="https://david-dm.org/jasp402/js-packtools">
        <img alt="Dependencies" src="https://david-dm.org/jasp402/js-packtools/status.svg">
    </a>    
    <a href="https://gitter.im/js-packtools/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge">
        <img alt="Gitter" src="https://badges.gitter.im/js-packtools/community.svg">
    </a>
</p>

>## Arrays/Object 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**allEqual**](/en/api/v1/allEqual.md)  | 1.0.0 | Arrays/Object | <sub>This snippet checks whether all elements of the array are equal.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**everyOrNone**](/en/api/v1/everyOrNone.md)  | 1.0.0 | Arrays/Object | <sub>This snippet returns true if the predicate function returns true for a...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**groupBy**](/en/api/v1/groupBy.md)  | 1.0.0 | Arrays/Object | <sub>Sort the object by placing the value of the assigned property as key</sub> |
>## Path/Files 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**clearFolder**](/en/api/v1/clearFolder.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>This simply clear the content a folder.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**createFolders**](/en/api/v1/createFolders.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>This create a folder whit sub-folder of date by default if param `with...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**deleteFile**](/en/api/v1/deleteFile.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>Check if the file exists before deleting</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**getFinalPath**](/en/api/v1/getFinalPath.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>Create structure of folders with parameters in constructor.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**validateDir**](/en/api/v1/validateDir.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>Validate if there is a route. if not, create this route.</sub> |
>## convert 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**csvToJson**](/en/api/v1/csvToJson.md)  | 1.0.0 | convert | <sub>This read a document CSV and convert in a Object Javascript (JSON).</sub> |
>## Time/Date 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**customDate**](/en/api/v1/customDate.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>It's a date control. Without parameters give the current date, use the...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**dayOfYear**](/en/api/v1/dayOfYear.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>This snippet gets the day of the year from a Date object.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**differenceDay**](/en/api/v1/differenceDay.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>This simply clear the content a folder.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**formatSeconds**](/en/api/v1/formatSeconds.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>This only format a value float</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**generateRageDate**](/en/api/v1/generateRageDate.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>This function allows you to separate a given date in the number of day...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**increaseDays**](/en/api/v1/increaseDays.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>Add days to date, can defined a maxDate.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**objectToDate**](/en/api/v1/objectToDate.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>Generate a object with date details.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**parseDate**](/en/api/v1/parseDate.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>Using a string and a format transform the string in date.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**validateYear**](/en/api/v1/validateYear.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>Can be current year or spend the year to validate</sub> |
>## global 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**writeLog**](/en/api/v1/writeLog.md)  | 1.0.0 | global | <sub>write file .log in folder default of class.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**writeLogError**](/en/api/v1/writeLogError.md)  | 1.0.0 | global | <sub>write file .log in folder default of class.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**_log**](/en/api/v1/_log.md)  | 1.0.0 | global | <sub>It integrates the functions registry of errors and registry of executi...</sub> |

Commit message:

feat: add new function renameFiles()

docs/en/api.md, after:

# API Doc
#### JS-PackTools. Is a little toolBox for developer specifically with webScraping and format date and text
<p>
    <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/js-packtools">
        <img alt="npm" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/js-packtools.svg">
    </a>
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/jasp402/js-packtools">
        <img alt="Build Status" src="https://travis-ci.org/jasp402/js-packtools.svg?branch=master">
    </a>
    <a href="https://david-dm.org/jasp402/js-packtools">
        <img alt="Dependencies" src="https://david-dm.org/jasp402/js-packtools/status.svg">
    </a>    
    <a href="https://gitter.im/js-packtools/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge">
        <img alt="Gitter" src="https://badges.gitter.im/js-packtools/community.svg">
    </a>
</p>

>## Arrays/Object 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**allEqual**](/en/api/v1/allEqual.md)  | 1.0.0 | Arrays/Object | <sub>This snippet checks whether all elements of the array are equal.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**everyOrNone**](/en/api/v1/everyOrNone.md)  | 1.0.0 | Arrays/Object | <sub>This snippet returns true if the predicate function returns true for a...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**groupBy**](/en/api/v1/groupBy.md)  | 1.0.0 | Arrays/Object | <sub>Sort the object by placing the value of the assigned property as key</sub> |
>## Path/Files 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**clearFolder**](/en/api/v1/clearFolder.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>This simply clear the content a folder.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**createFolders**](/en/api/v1/createFolders.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>This create a folder whit sub-folder of date by default if param `with...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**deleteFile**](/en/api/v1/deleteFile.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>Check if the file exists before deleting</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**getFinalPath**](/en/api/v1/getFinalPath.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>Create structure of folders with parameters in constructor.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**renameFiles**](/en/api/v1/renameFiles.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>This function rename a batch of files with current date or token uniqu...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**validateDir**](/en/api/v1/validateDir.md)  | 1.0.0 | Path/Files | <sub>Validate if there is a route. if not, create this route.</sub> |
>## convert 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**csvToJson**](/en/api/v1/csvToJson.md)  | 1.0.0 | convert | <sub>This read a document CSV and convert in a Object Javascript (JSON).</sub> |
>## Time/Date 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**customDate**](/en/api/v1/customDate.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>It's a date control. Without parameters give the current date, use the...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**dayOfYear**](/en/api/v1/dayOfYear.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>This snippet gets the day of the year from a Date object.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**differenceDay**](/en/api/v1/differenceDay.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>This simply clear the content a folder.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**formatSeconds**](/en/api/v1/formatSeconds.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>This only format a value float</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**generateRageDate**](/en/api/v1/generateRageDate.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>This function allows you to separate a given date in the number of day...</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**increaseDays**](/en/api/v1/increaseDays.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>Add days to date, can defined a maxDate.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**objectToDate**](/en/api/v1/objectToDate.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>Generate a object with date details.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**parseDate**](/en/api/v1/parseDate.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>Using a string and a format transform the string in date.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**validateYear**](/en/api/v1/validateYear.md)  | 1.0.0 | Time/Date | <sub>Can be current year or spend the year to validate</sub> |
>## global 

| Functions Name | version | Category | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
|:seedling:  [**writeLog**](/en/api/v1/writeLog.md)  | 1.0.0 | global | <sub>write file .log in folder default of class.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**writeLogError**](/en/api/v1/writeLogError.md)  | 1.0.0 | global | <sub>write file .log in folder default of class.</sub> |
|:seedling:  [**_log**](/en/api/v1/_log.md)  | 1.0.0 | global | <sub>It integrates the functions registry of errors and registry of executi...</sub> |
